Update to 26.1 (#324)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/items/datacomponents.md

    registryName -> new Item(
        new Item.Properties()
        .setId(ResourceKey.create(Registries.ITEM, registryName))
        // Passes in the direct component value.
        .component(BASIC_EXAMPLE.get(), new ExampleRecord(24, true))
        // Passes in a component factory, taking in the registry context and returning the value.
        .delayedComponent(DataComponents.DAMAGE_RESISTANT, context -> new DamageResistant(context.getOrThrow(DamageTypeTags.IS_EXPLOSION)))
    )
);
```

> If the data component should be added to an existing item that belongs to Vanilla or another mod, then `ModifyDefaultComponentsEvent` should be listened for on the [**mod event bus**][modbus]. The event provides the `modify` and `modifyMatching` methods which allows the `DataComponentPatch.Builder` to be modified for the associated items. The builder can either `#set` or remove existing components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the data component should be added to an existing item that belongs to Vanilla or another mod, then `ModifyDefaultComponentsEvent` should be listened for on the [**mod event bus**][modbus]. The event provides the `modify` and `modifyMatching` methods which allows the `DataComponentPatch.Builder` to be modified for the associated items. The builder can `#set` existing components, including `#set`ting them to null which effectively removes them.
```
